# Week 9 & 10 - Due 11/6/19

### Due: 11/6/19 \(up to 10 points\) 

#### if you handed this in by class on 10/30/19, you will receive extra points

* There are 3 pieces to the assessment, all of which will be submitted through Github  by Wed., 11/6/19 - \(to be done via a webpage based on a template from our [Wk9-Assignments github ](https://github.com/ccsu-te350/Wk9-Assignments)or you can structure your own page if you'd prefer, but it must include all of these elements\), with different headings for the different sections include the following:
  * 3 citations, APA formatted for your paper \(you will have done this in Monday's class and this will help for the paper that is due the following Monday\)
  *  A short reflection in a webpage \(via &lt;p&gt; paragraphs in a page, for example\) on library resources & support of research in the internet age - what's still useful today? If you got anything new from Monday's class with Joy Hansen, do not forget to include this. 
  * A "description list" with the 4 aspects of computational thinking listed & briefly summarized \(see: [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dl](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dl)\)
  * Begin the Javascript Intro & write 3 quiz questions from that section of reading

#### Extra credit opportunity \(up to 3 points\):

* Go to the Ancient Burying Ground Association project Nov. 13th event, Constitution Room, Memorial Hall \(Refreshments served - free!\) - Recovering Hartford’s Hidden Past: People of Color in Hartford’s Ancient Burying Ground, 1640-1815. 5 p.m.: Meet and Greet. Refreshments served; **6 p.m.: Dr. Hermes’ Presentation.  7 p.m.: Audience Q&A with the research team.** To register for the November 13 event, copy and paste this link in your browser: [https://form.jotform.com/92846571940163](https://form.jotform.com/92846571940163)   
  ****

  **Write a short summary/review of the ABGA project, using information from the 6pm presentation from Dr. Hermes & the 7pm Q&A session to explain how the web was used by historical researchers to uncover hidden histories of the African, African-American, and Native Americans buried in Hartford's Ancient Burying Ground.** 



